docs: catalog complex widgets and screens (#1313)
widgetbook/widgetbook: docs/guides/mocking.mdx

}
```

For this example, the Widget tree for your `HomePage` widget in your app might look like this:

```tree
App
└── UserProvider
    └── HomePage
        └── UserTile
            └── Consumer<UserProvider>
                └── Text
```

## Problem

If the `UserTile` is cataloged using the following code

```dart
Widget userTileUseCase(BuildContext context) {
  return UserTile();
}
```

Flutter throws an error indicating that a `UserProvider` is missing from the Widget tree, as the `Consumer` within the `UserTile` depends on the `UserProvider`.

```tree
WidgetbookApp
└── UserTile
    └── Consumer<UserProvider>         ❌ Error: UserProvider not found
        └── Text
```

> To catalog the `UserTile` widget, you need to
> 1. remove the dependency of the `UserTile` by using property extraction or
> 1. provide the `UserProvider` to the Widget tree. 
> 

Reviewer: **suggestion:** the "or" at the end of point one, is a bit confusing. We can rephrase as follows

```suggestion
To catalog the `UserTile` widget, you need to do **one of the following**:
1. Remove the dependency of the `UserTile` by using property extraction.
1. Provide the `UserProvider` to the Widget tree. 

```
